The Joe Rogan experience.
You know why they got rid of it, right?
Why black people really mm-hmm <affirmative> that's really good. So I, yeah,
this.
Actually, this is, hold, hold. These thoughts. Hold these thoughts.
Tell me what you good. Okay. We're rolling. Did he get that already? Oh,
Jamie already got that. All right. So finish.
Thought. Yeah. So, uh,
the reason the 45 caliber bullet exists and the reason they got co or the reason
they, uh,
made cocaine illegal is because when blacks were working the docs in the late 18
hundreds, early 19 hundreds, um, they had these things, uh, there was a rape,
obviously. That's what always happens, right? Yeah. In till all of 'em. Right.
So, uh, one reported a rape and, uh, a cop came up and he was,
there was a black dude on cocaine, cuz they would give the doc workers.
Cocaine had to keep him up all night. Yeah. That's when it was legal. Oh.
And then there was a, uh, a coked up black dude. Right? Real big dude, I guess.
And uh, a woman was saying he's chasing me. Right. And he was just, he was,
I don't know what the was going on.
But the cop was shooting at him and there was no stopping power enough.
They said for the bullet. So they didn't make a bigger bullet. Uh,
the 45 caliber bullet, because what they're using was like some little,
like a little over a 22.
And you know,
this is some real because it is a crack head back in the day I shot the nine
times with a tech nine and he kept running down the alley.
Hmm. Different, different crack though. Different.
That was crack. They said that was Coke. This was crack.
Medicinal.
Cocaine crack. According to Carhart. They're the same thing. They are.
The same thing. Just really just has bacon soda. That's all. It's just,
you're just freeing the base of the powder. That's why it's called free base.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying? But you probably made it famous. Yeah.
But crack crack is cocaine. Ks ne oh cocaine CRA Negros. That's what they.
Called them. The difference is the, the in sentencing. Yeah.
That's the difference? The difference in sentencing. It's.
Crazy powder to yeah. It's rock. It's crazy.
Know Obama changed.
That. Somebody must hope. I don't believe it's the same anymore.
I think Obama changed it. I think I want to say he did, but I don't know.
You know what I mean?
Let's find out if the, if the same sentencing for crack and cocaine, you know,
that's the same they did with marijuana. Yeah.
When William Randolph Hurst was trying to make marijuana illegal,
mm-hmm <affirmative> they put out these stories saying that and Mexicans exactly
were raping white women and they blamed it on this drug.
They blamed it on marijuana.
When marijuana wasn't even called marijuana back then <laugh> that marijuana was
a wild Mexican tobacco. Right. So they made this new name.
So when Congress was making marijuana illegal,
they didn't even know they were making, he illegal. The I, what the target was,
was hemp, the commodity that's right.
They were trying to make the paper illegal. And they were trying to make the,
the textiles illegal because William Randolph Hearst,
not only did he run Hearst newspapers,
but he also had paper mills mm-hmm <affirmative> and then on the pop popular,
uh, science magazine on the cover, it said hemp, the new billion dollar crop,
cuz they came up with a new way of processing it. Right.
And new machine called a decor. And so when they invented this decorticator yes,
exactly. The same kind of thing. Right. And then when they invented this thing,
people were all gonna start growing hemp and they were hemp is superior paper.
It's better for clothing and William handed it off first.
Like not so fast really.
So we made it all illegal so that he could just keep his paper mills and keep
making him with wood and keep using all the things that he's already used
before. Instead of him controlling the industry. That's amazing.
That they could literally just say that about black people back capital they're
everybody. Well, we gotta get.
Rid of it. Then didn't believe made up a name for the plant.
Oh the plant already had cannabis.
It was so they're like they called it marijuana. It was like, oh my God,
like bath salts, like, oh geez. It's a new thing.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> what is this PCP? That's that's what, what, you know,
PCP is the same thing as ketamine. Yeah. I didn't know that.
Either. Yeah. Ketamine special. K. When I went to Australia,
that's all the was snoring. They ain't had no real cocaine,
but it's a tri that's. They was snoring. All ketamine. I said, they said,
you want some Coke? I said that ain't real Coke. I said,
we are all the way in Australia. We are thousands of miles from Columbia.
You don't have real cocaine here. I don't believe it.
They don't get real cocaine Australia. They snorting special. K really? Yes.
Kidding me.
K. Cause they, every time I go out there, they always have Coke, but I'm like,
there's no way. You.
Know what? All the big Colombian drug dealers, they ain't with America no more.
They going to Europe. It's easier. Easier to import the drugs. Really.
It's easier to yeah.
It's way they making way more money and you get less time when I was
locked up in Europe, you know what I'm saying? For that. I was locked up for.
Yeah. That's crazy.
Like it was guys in the cell that was there on drug offenses and I'd be like,
how much you get caught for? Uh, they were like, man,
I got caught with like four are keys. And I'm like. I'm like,
well how much time you about to get he? Like 18 months. I'm like, what?
The way it should be. That's what it be.
But you get caught that over here do 18 years. You do 18 years. Ke.
Winslow. Junior's getting 14 years for rape. Who is ke win. Ke Winslow,
junior Kell. Winslow's son. Right. He played, uh, he played for Miami.
He raped somebody. He raped. He rape. Yeah.
But they're <laugh> he raped, uh, homeless women. Oh my God. Like in.
Their fifties, Jesus, give him a, give him 20 years. Yeah. He.
He got 14. He should. I I'm saying BR it should be 30. It shouldn't be like,
you know, cuz if you, yeah, if I, if I go four kilos,
I'm probably going to jail for 30.
Years. Definitely. For sure. See what I mean?
If I rape a woman three, I'm going for 14 years. Yeah.
The thing about kilos is, and they get rid of cocaine.
The other thing about kilos is like,
it's only valuable if somebody wants to buy it. Right, right, right.
Like somebody has to want it. Like you're not really doing anything wrong.
You're just getting something to them that they want.
You're not really hurting them. No, you're you're allowing them. Yeah.
You're allowing them to do Coke. Right. And, and how many, I mean,
if you were just doing Coke, that's the thing. Wasn't my, yeah.
The thing about Coke is like, if you're just doing Coke, like real Coke,
not all this cut up. This is the other thing that Dr. Carl Hart, who's,
he's actually a professor at Columbia. And uh, he'll do that. Does, uh,
heroin does heroin. Yeah. Yeah.
He's seen that out. I was like, what the?
He said I'm functional. Interesting guy. Oh yeah, because he's, first of all,
he wasn't doing any drugs at all until in his thirties when he was a research
scientist and he realized while he was studying these chemicals,
that all the propaganda were we're spreading about him. It was all.
So he started trying them. <laugh> <laugh> I mean,
everything's better in moderation, man. Catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.